Oh
hello to all we are to the contamines there
it's going pretty well on this beautiful
Sun
we have a session that will take place on
on two three hours of time the goal
being to move a little the
bodies the legs to be able
to attack the next cups of the world
in austria within ten days more
serenely and then with this period
holidays it feels good a little bit of
to have the athletes on hand for
to continue working with them with
the cattle and one in one the team of
france today at the mulumba clash
listen we have had good results
we made cuts in italy we have a
beautiful fourth place that was taken
by sylvain miaillier owen tax is
beautiful 7th place also we have plenty who
must be this seventh world
currently no after two steps so
in girls and also we are not
Misplaced
now I think we have a group
who ask that for that to mount a
pure in power again and it will do
to make contingents necessary accounting
firstly because I have a
great attachment that contaminates by
compared to his world cup and then that
been ten years that he plays well the du
skicross me I go in more neighbor
I am a hindrance
we had opportunities through a
track they were more than since top
to host the France team so
it is I think a little return of
things we can give them too
to bring our best French athletes
were training on these tracks did
come a little better and loire
tourism gives a show rate
it gives life a little to the station then
then we are allowed to work it's
super interesting class for all -
charge the length ahead on your feet
instead of going up in the air everything that
removes in stop to do